Sexual rights

Offer Name: The Sexual Assault Center
What service?: Centrum Seksueel Geweld (Sexual Assault Center) offers professional help for anyone who has experienced any form of rape or sexual assault. 
Phone Number: 0800-0188 (free and anonymous)
Link to Website: https://centrumseksueelgeweld.nl/csg-en/
Address: When you make an appointment, they will inform you about what address you can go to.
Opening Hours Weekdays: - Available 24/7 for anyone who has been sexually assaulted in the previous seven days.
- Available Monday - Friday from 09:00-17:00, if the sexual assault took place more than seven days ago, or if you have other questions.
Opening Hours Weekends: - Available 24/7 for anyone who has been sexually assaulted in the previous seven days.
- Available Monday - Friday from 09:00-17:00, if the sexual assault took place more than seven days ago, or if you have other questions.
What do you need to know?: At the Sexual Assault Center, a team of doctors, nurses, police officers, psychologists and social workers work together to provide specialist care to victims of sexual assault and rape. All these professionals are bound by a professional duty of confidentiality. In other words, they will not share your information without your permission.

Anyone who has suffered an unpleasant sexual experience can contact them. It makes no difference who you are: a child, young person or adult, a man, woman or transgender person, resident, (undocumented) migrant or tourist. They will try to help anyone with questions about forced sex, sexual abuse or unwanted sexual acts.

Ideally, they like to provide professional help within seven days after the event, as this time frame reduces the chances of medical and psychological issues considerably. The police also have a much better chance of finding the perpetrator if forensic investigations are carried out within a week of the event.

You are also welcome at the Sexual Assault Center if you do not want the police to be involved.
